<div>General Scum Rules</div>
It is your responsibility to read and understand the rules!
Failure to follow these instructions will be considered a violation of the rules.
Admins are here to oversee fair gameplay while also playing and having fun ourselves. You will not hear from us about any rule violations unless we are sure a rule was broken. For this reason, we will NOT argue over the rules.
Failure to follow these instructions will be considered a violation of the rules.
Please be respectful to all players and admins.
Respect all admins. Failure to do so will result in an instant ban.
Toxicity will not be tolerated.
If you do not have a flag, you are considered a PVE player. 
ENGLISH ONLY! We are an American server, and this is our language. If you don’t like this rule, leave now.
No obscene or vulgar player names.
Do Not Spam the Following! - In Game Chat, Discord Channels
Although trash talk is allowed as long as it pertains to in-game interactions and is not a personal attack on another player.
Using any form of cheating, glitching and/or abusing game and bot exploits will result in an immediate ban for you and anyone associated with you. Admins must assume that associates were aware of the actions and gained advantage from it.
Any form of attempting to circumvent a rule, use “loopholes”, or purposely testing the boundaries of any rules will be treated as a violation.
Use of secondary or alt accounts is not allowed on this server and user will be banned when discovered.
Use of a VPN to mask bad ping will result in a ban.
Impersonation of admins will result in an immediate ban.
Advertising other servers is forbidden without approval from the owner.
Trash talk is ok, but a little goes a long way.
Please avoid the following in all Chat areas (Discord & in game): Excessive vulgarity and/or name calling, Racist remarks.
Do not camp the Trader Outposts.
Squad size is limited to a max of (6) six players, this is to balance the playing field in the PVP area.​
 
                                                                     Base Building (PVP)
Limit 2 Flags and/or Bases per squad. (PVP AREA ONLY. PVE LIMITED TO 1 FLAG ONLY)
You are only allowed to build 1 flag.
A second base is defined as a captured or overtaken flag/base.
If you want a second flag/base then find one to overtake.
A second base is only permitted if you have overtaken the flag. (This does not include destroying a flag and building your own.)
If 3 or more flags are found to be in a player/or squad member's name, those excess bases will be destroyed by the admin at their base of choice.
PVP players are not allowed to utilize the safe zone to hide and stash their loot or vehicles.  This is the act of a coward and when discovered by the admin your items will be destroyed.
You are not allowed to have a base in the PVP and PVE area at the same time.  Unless you are moving from one area to the other. This is covered under base moves and is listed below.
If found to have a base in both areas without a help ticket submitted admin will assume you are scared and will help you to move to the PVE area by destroying your PVP base.
No building in POI’s, Cities or Towns.
No using prefabricated buildings as part of your base.
You are allowed to utilize the small single car garages. As long as it is not a vehicle spawn. Limit 1 per person.
No building in tunnels, on bridges, RR tracks, or roads.
No placing of mines or explosives on or near roads.
If your base is built near a road any explosives need to be inside your walls.
Any base found to be under 42% will be destroyed to maintain server performance.
It is recommended not to build your flag on a foundation. It may get destroyed during a raid. You are at fault and not the raiding party.
 
           FAILURE TO FOLLOW THE BASE BUILDING RULES WILL RESULT IN THE DESTRUCTION OR YOUR BASE
 
 
                                                                         Base Moving
If you are moving and building another base or relinquishing a captured base.
You must DM and Admin
You must provide the Admin with the following information.
       Old base location.
       New base location.
       Squad name.
       Squad leader's in game name.
       You will have 48hrs to have;
           All Items Removed
           All Explosives Disarmed and Removed.
Failure to follow these instructions will be considered a violation of the rules.
 
 
 
                                                                   Base Building PVE
Z Island. Z0-Z4
Lock picking and destruction of bases and vehicles is disabled in the PVE Sectors.
Do not overtake or destroy flags in the PVE.
PVE single players/squads are limited to 1 flag/base.
No building in POI’s
Churches
Lighthouses
Police Stations
Any Military bunkers
Any Military Compounds
Gas Stations
Airports
Large Garages
Hangers
Faction Points
Use of a prefabed building is allowed. Limited to 1 building per squad.
You may lock only 1 single vehicle garage. 
As long as it is not a vehicle spawn.
Do not lock or block access to large hangers/garages.
PVE players are not allowed to raid or participate in any way. If you are found to be in violation of this rule the admin will help you to move the PVP sector.
 
​
 
                                                                              Vehicles
To help with server resources each player is limited to 1.5 vehicles based on the following:
 
 
Cars = 1.0 vehicles
Trucks = 1.0 vehicles
Bicycles = 0.5 vehicles
Dirt bikes = 0.5 vehicles
Motorcycles = 0.5 vehicles
Boats = 0.5 vehicles
Air Planes = 0.5 vehicles
Example:
So if you have a Laika and a dirt bike you have 1.5 vehicles. If you have 3 dirt bikes you have 1.5 vehicles.
Every individual player needs to place a lock on their own vehicles.
If you are found to have exceeded the vehicle limits.
Excess vehicles will be destroyed at admins discretion and without warning.
Inactive vehicles will despawn at 10 days.
This is a server setting and not the admin.
Any vehicle without a lock or locked with doors open is considered unsecured and is fair game to take.
In PVE and PVP.
A vehicle found in the PVE area locked with the doors open is allowed to be taken to the PVP area and the lock picked. Contents will become the property of the lock picker.
These rules apply to everywhere on the map except THE TRADER SAFE ZONE.
Admins will not replace vehicles that are taken by the Scum Gods.
That includes any loot lost when vehicles was taken by the Scum Gods.
 
​
 
                                                               Use Of an Explosive
Mines and claymores (improvised or regular) are to be used for base defense only.
Do not place any mines or claymores on or near the roads.
Do not place any mines or claymores in or around POI’s
If You Place any mines or claymores outside your flag area, the following will happen
You will be Teleported back onto the Explosive.
You will have the choice of: 
Disarming of the explosive
Movement will trigger explosive
If you are found to be placing mines/claymores (and we will know) outside of your base/flag area you will be punished accordingly.
Anyone found to be exploiting or glitching mines/claymores will be banned no questions asked.
Nades are part of PVP play
Explosives (TNT, C4, Nades, etc.) May be used for Raids.
 
 
 
                                                         Safe Zones (Traders) Rules
Traders are a safe zone (Marked In Blue)
Do not use the Traders area as your personal storage area.
Any box found unattended locked or unlocked will be destroyed.
Do not take other players’ items.
Chests, vehicles, or loot laying on the ground
Do not selling someone else’s items
Do not attack a player in the traders and take off with their stuff.
This is a DICK move and you will be banned. (It has happened that’s why there is a rule) 
Do not camp the traders
This is a form of griefing of fellow players
If you are found to be doing this, you will be banned
No base building or flags within 200m of traders safe zone.
 
 
 
                                                                    PVE Rules
If you live in the PVE area, you are a PVE player and must abide by the following rules.
PVE players are not allowed to participate in a raid.
If a PVE player takes over a PVP flag you will be deemed a PVP player.
Your PVE base will be destroyed
No killing of other players in the PVE area.
Kills are enabled so that you can gain Fame Points killing puppets.
Accidental or intentional kills in the PVE will result in
A trip to jail
A fine of Bot coins
A second fine if your kill is a squad mate
You will not be able to use the taxi to get out of jail. Enjoy the walk (maybe swim)
Admins will not refund your fine or teleport you.
If a PVE player crosses into the PVP zone. You are fair game.
Do not take other players' loot from the PVE area to the PVP area to lock pick. This is a Dick move and you will be punished accordingly.
 
 
 
                                                                  PVP Rules
If your base is in the PVP you are a PVP player.
If you are found to be PVP'ing in the PVE you will be banned.
PVP players are not allowed to stash/hide loot and vehicles in the PVE area. This is the act of a coward!
When discovered by the admin your loot and vehicle will be destroyed!
Accidental or intentional killings of a squad mate will result in a fine.
 
 
 
                                                                 Raids Rules
What we define as a raid in this server:
Any attempt to gain entrance to any other player base or building that is locked.
This includes;
Destruction
Tampering breaching of any other players base defenses such as walls, doors, locks, traps, or mines.   This includes entering a base whose defenses have been breached with intent to loot their items. 
Raiding Starts on Wednesday at 4PM PST and Ends at Sunday 11:59PM PST.  You will need to Stop your Raid on Sunday at 11:59PM PST.  No Raiding Beyond Sunday 11:59PM PST Time Frame. That means "Get the Hell Out".
 
Pick Your Times Wisely when starting a Raid.
There will be a "Squad Raid Captain" aka "SRC".
The "SRC" will be the "Point of Contact" aka "POC" for that RAID.
In Discord Channel #SRC, The "SRC" will make a post stating they are the "SRC" for that specific Raid.
The "SRC" will type !raid in Global Chat.  Any member of a squad that is involved in any raid, must type !raid in Squad Chat. This must be done near the base they are attempting to breach at the start of the raid.  This is to allow admins to know who was involved incase there is any issues or accusations that may arise.
No Back to Back Raids on the Same Base Within 3 Days.
       Example: Squad A raids Squad B, Squad A cannot raid Squad B for 3 days. BUT, Squad C can raid Squad B.
Go prepared for the raid, take what you will need for the raid.
If you leave the Raid area for any reason you are no longer part of the raid.
Going to the traders for supplies
Going to your base or having other players bring you supplies
If you fail to build a bed and spawn back at your base then you are no longer part of the raid and cannot support the raid in any manner.
Having squad members not involved in the raid or other players bring you supplies is prohibited. As it says Go prepared.
Although trading and commerce between squads is permitted.
Teaming up with another squad to raid a base is prohibited.
Teaming up to defend against a raid is also prohibited.
If another squad chooses to visit an active raid they will need to:
Follow the #SRC.
The third party will need to kill or run off the first attackers and continue the raid. Otherwise this will be looked at as teaming and is a violation. A punishment will be issued for both teams involved.
Ignorance is not an excuse. #SRC channel will show if a !Raid is active
It is your responsibility to know what is going on in the server at that time
Ask in Global Chat if you have doubts.
Do not attempt to circumnavigate these rules. Anyone caught doing so, will be banned!
Stealing chests/vehicles during a raid is permitted.
Do not grief bases by destroying more than needed or demolishing them completely
Do not destroy base defenses other than those necessary to breach a base.
Do not destroy containers inside other players’ bases.
Do not remove items from containers to purposely despawn them. If you can’t loot it, leave it
For those being raided. Do what you can to defend your base. However, you may not intentionally destroy stairs that access other floors. Raiders work hard and use up a lot of resources. It would just be a cowardly move. If this happens it will be up to the raiders to provide proof.
If the raiders destroy access to 2nd and 3rd floors during the breach that is on them. You will loot what you can on the 1st floor and then leave. You will not continue to destroy their structure in hopes to gain access to the higher levels.
You may overtake the flag if you plan on making it your second flag/base.
Raiders will not destroy the flag. If the flag is destroyed during the breaching of the base due to poor placement that’s on the builder. A flag may be built, if the raiding squad chooses to make this their second base at that time. Intentional destruction of a flag by the raiders will result in loss of raided base and destruction of your home base
Once you are done raiding, Get The Hell Outta There!
If there is an issue that occurred during a raid that you need to bring to the Admin’s attention, that is the job of the #SRC.
The #SRC will need to report any issues by DMing an Admin.
Must submit proof of accusation.
Names of those involved during the raid.
The SRC is the only person we need to speak to. Not the entire damn team.
If we have questions we will reach out to those players
The admins will need time to discuss the complaint, so please be patient.
Burden of proof will be the responsibility of the accuser. If there is no proof, don’t bring it up.
If possible, record your raid. This will protect you and provide you proof of any wrong doings.
 
                                              In the end… Our rules equate to – “Don’t be a Dickhead”!
                                              Failure to follow these Rules will be considered a violation.
 
All rules are subject to change.
Final Interpretation of the rules are at the Admin’s discretion and not the players.
If you are uncertain of a rule.
Please ask for clarification of the rule(s) Contact an Admin.
Stupidity is not a defense.
If you don’t like our rules find another server.
Violation of any of the above rules will be dealt with on a case-by-case basis.
Severity of the violations or repeat offenders will depend on the punishment handed out. These are just some examples, and the admins will reserve the right to hand out any punishment we see fit.  Punishment for violations of the rules can range from but not limited to:
Going to Jail
Removal of Bot Coins
Loss of base/vehicle
Bot store suspension
If you’re a real special Dick Hole you will get banned from the game and discord.
